DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse.
He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We might just have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall,
\u266a You gotta give it your all, a-a-a-a-a-a \u266a
\u266a This is the final stand, a-a-a-a-a-a \u266a
\u266a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
WYVERN: What you see in front of you is a pathway
to your inner mind.
DAN: And why is it that we want to go in there?
WYVERN: The answer to ridding yourself
of the nightmarish visions that haunt you lies within.
DAN: Okay. In we go!
DRAGO: Let's do it!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Mind Search
ANNOUNCER: It's almost that time again battle fans!
ANNOUNCER: The next throw down will take place
in the Dungeon Battle Environment.
ANNOUNCER: It'll be a capture the flag round.
That means that all competing teams will start
from random drop points in the dungeon,
and then will be forced to battle each other
as they race to be the first to claim the flag
at the final destination point.
ANNOUNCER: It's gonna be flag-tastic!
SPECTATOR A: You know I'm so getting on this!
SPECTATOR B: Round up the crew so we can sign up our team.
MARUCHO: Yet another bad idea.
SELLON: All is going according to plan.
By engaging multiple teams in the next round,
you should receive a giant surge of chaos energy.
MAG MEL: Excellent. With each new battle growing
so too does the desire for the battlers
to engage in extreme brawling.
The chaos energy produced will be so immense
that I'll be free of this place in no time.
SELLON: I look forward to that glorious day Master.
PAIGE: What do you mean you don't want us to battle?
MARUCHO: Just listen for a sec.
All you need for the win is to grab the flag.
MARUCHO: So you really don't need to fight at all.
PAIGE: We're battlers not cowards!
PAIGE: Why on Earth would we avoid fighting?
RAFE: I think maybe he doesn't trust our battling skills.
MARUCHO: That's not it. It's just that things...
are out of control in Bakugan Interspace,
so the less we add to the chaos the better.
Once we get past the...
PAIGE: Save it okay. Man!
RAFE: Just because you've lost your nerve, Marucho,
doesn't mean that we have.
MARUCHO: Come on. Don't go.
Rafe! ... Paige!
MARUCHO: What now?
SHUN: I'll do what I'm supposed to do.
SHUN: I'll keep battling.
MARUCHO: [sigh]
TAYLEAN: Are you sure about this, Shun?
SHUN: Marucho's right Taylean when he says
things are out of control in Bakugan Interspace.
SHUN: But he's wrong about what we need to do to fix it.
You can't stop chaos by sitting idly by and avoiding battle.
SHUN: The only way we're going to calm the storm
and bring peace back to Bakugan Interspace
is to face things head on.
TAYLEAN: If that's the way you feel,
then I'm with you all the way.
One hundred percent.
SHUN: I'm happy to hear that.
BEN: I can't believe the number of noobs signing up.
What a pack of losers.
JACK: Yeah, we'll knock 'em down
like a pathetic bunch of bowling pins.
JACK: Right boss?
ANUBIAS: Whatever. Just don't mess it up.
ALL: [grunt]
ROBIN: Aren't you coming?
ANUBIAS: No. This one's on you guys.
ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field Open!
ANNOUNCER: This is the moment
you've all been waiting for, battle fans!
The question is which team will make it
through the maze first, defeating all opponents...
in order to grab the flag and claim victory?
Hold on to your socks, 'cos we're ready to rock!
MARUCHO: Bakugan...
ALL: Brawl!
ALL: Bakugan Stand!
TAYLEAN, TRISTAR AND WOLFURIO: [mighty roar]
SOON and CHRIS: Bakugan Stand!
BEN, ROBIN and JACK: Bakugan Stand!
BATTLER A: Well, well. Looks like I'm up first, fellas!
BATTLER A: Huh?
[mighty roar]
BATTLER A: Aw snap! This looks bad!
ARMY BATTLER CAPTAIN: Hahaha!
Another punk eats some dirt!
Oh yeeeeeaaaaah!
ARMY BATTLER B: Don't forget about his teammates.
ARMY BATTLER CAPTAIN: Big deal!
Like they're going to be any harder to take down
than he was, dude!
ARMY BATTLER B: They might not be,
but what about that guy over there?
ARMY BATTLER B: Whoa! It's Shun Kazami!
ARMY BATTLER CAPTAIN: Go. Attack!
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Kazami-style, Shadow Alter Ego.
TAYLEAN: You're going down. All of you!
ARMY BATTLER CAPTAIN: Whoa!
ARMY BATTLER B: Dude!
RAFE: BakuNano Lanzato, Destroy!
BATTLER B: Ability activate!
Get ready buddy.
Stone Blade!
RAFE: Wolfurio!
WOLFURIO: This one is for the Castle Knights.
Hmmmph!
BATTLER B: Whoa! No way.
PAIGE: Now it's my turn, Rafe.
PAIGE: Ability activate.
PAIGE: Mortal Magnet!
BOULDERON: Oooooh.
I really love this one.
Haaaaaaaaah!
PAIGE: Hah, that was easy.
RAFE: I'm thinking maybe the Battle Brawlers
need to take a little lesson from us
on how to battle. What do you think?
PAIGE: Oh yeah! Like that'll happen.
[mighty roar]
PAIGE: [gasp] RAFE: [gasp]
BEN: Try not to lose your lunch.
BEN: [chuckle]
BOULDERON: 'Cos here's some dessert!
BEN: Hey! Leave the one-liners to me pal.
Ability activate.
BEN: Tribal Crusher!
PAIGE: Ability activate!
PAIGE: Magnetic Shield!
PAIGE: Huh! Impressive attack!
BEN: You're gonna love this one!
BEN: BakuNano Aeroblaze Destroy!
[laser blasts]
BOULDERON: [grunt, exertion reax]
PAIGE: Whoa! He's really strong!
RAFE: He doesn't look like much to me.
Ability activate!
RAFE: Land Knights!
WOLFURIO: [rising mighty roar]
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaaah!
BEN: Hah! You finished yet, cupcake?
WOLFURIO: [grunt, pain reax]
WOLFURIO: Hmmmmph! Haaaaaah!
WOLFURIO: [grunt, exertion reax]
WOLFURIO: Haaaaaaaaah!
BEN: Lucky shot you punk.
WOLFURIO: You're the one who's the punk,
if you think you can take down a Castle Knight
with a weak play like that!
WOLFURIO: [grunt, pain reax]
ROBIN: Hah! So then, how did you like
Hyper Pulsor's super high altitude attack?
JACK: What's wrong, Ben? Can't you handle
a little two on one? [laughter]
BEN: Quiet!
RAFE: [frustrated grunt] They've got back up.
ROBIN: I think its time for more!
WOLFURIO: [grunt, pain reax]
BOULDERON: I've got him.
He's gonna hurt real bad!
JACK: Hahaha! Come and get it!
BOULDERON: Oh no!
PAIGE: [gasp] RAFE: [angry grunt]
MARUCHO: [grunt] Ability activate.
MARUCHO: Stun Current!
TRISTAR: Oh yeeeeeaaah!
[wave crash]
ROBIN: Huh? JACK: Whoa!
BEN: [gasp] They disappeared.
PAIGE: Let's show these punks how to battle, Boulderon!
RAFE: Let's make the Castle Knights proud Wolfurio!
BOULDERON: [groan] WOLFURIO: [groan]
RAFE: [panting] PAIGE: [angry grunt]
TRISTAR: Sorry to break up the party back there fellas...
RAFE: We didn't need your help!
PAIGE: Yeah. We were doing just fine on our own!
TRISTAR: Gimme a break!
You guys were getting hammered pretty hard
by those clowns before we stepped in.
PAIGE: [angry grunt] What do you know?
RAFE: [sigh]
MARUCHO: We know a lot more than you give us credit for.
Being skilled battlers isn't everything.
There's more going on here than meets the eye
and it's time you listened to us.
Using sheer strength won't save Bakugan Interspace.
MARUCHO: This place is filled with Battlers
who are using technology way beyond their skill set
like BakuNanos and Mechtogans.
And their style of extreme brawling is too destructive.
MARUCHO: If Bakugan Interspace is going to survive...
we have to do everything we can to end all of this
unbelievable chaos once and for all.
RAFE: Hmmm.
PAIGE: [grunt]
DYLAN: For once I really don't know who's gonna win.
DYLAN: It's anyone's guess at this point.
Team Anubias are definitely the most fierce,
but without their Captain leading them,
I'm not sure if those three knuckleheads have
what it takes to pull off a victory.
DYLAN: Team Sellon are definitely contenders,
but you can't rule out Shun Kazami and Taylean.
Even though the Brawlers are shaky as a team,
they're a solid pair.
DYLAN: I guess only time will tell us who the best is.
TAYLEAN: [panting]
SHUN: Are you ready for another round, Taylean?
TAYLEAN: Yes!
SOON: Well if I'm not mistaken Chris, it's Shun Kazami.
CHRIS: Huh? You mean that Emo twerp
who's the leader of the Brawlers?
CHRIS: Yeah I think you're right.
It's pretty hard to miss that feathered hair anywhere.
SOON: Let's take him down then, shall we?
SOON: BakuNano Slicerix Destroy!
CHRIS: BakuNano Orehammer Destroy!
[mighty roar]
TAYLEAN: Bring it!
MARUCHO: According to this read out, Shun is
facing Team Sellon by himself. I hope he's okay.
TRISTAR: Good plan, plotting our route through
the sewers, Marucho. I mean with a smell like this
who else in their right minds would come down here?
RAFE: Oh yeah, trudging through the sewers like
a bunch of dirty rats.
PAIGE: How humiliating.
MARUCHO: [groan]
TRISTAR: Whoa! Marucho!
RAFE: [gasp] PAIGE: [gasp]
TRISTAR: Poor little, dude.
I told him he was pushing it too hard.
RAFE: Pushing what too hard?
TRISTAR: Marucho stayed up the past two days straight
trying to plot the safest route to the finish line
that would allow us to avoid as many
potential battles as possible.
The amount of data he had to study was massive.
It was enough to melt a normal person's brain.
TRISTAR: Normally, I'd be all about the brawling
just like you guys. But we have to trust Marucho.
TRISTAR: He created Bakugan Interspace
so he knows what's best.
PAIGE: [sigh] [angry grunt]
[explosion]
JACK: Busted, punks! [laughter]
[mighty roar]
JACK: It's time for payback.
TRISTAR: Alright. You back with us, boss?
MARUCHO: After that wake up call, yes!
Let's switch to Plan K on my mark.
TRISTAR: Oh yeah! Nice one.
MARUCHO: Switch to a G Pattern, now!
WOLFURIO: Copy that! BOULDERON: You got it!
JACK: Hey! Where you goin'?
JACK: So that's how you want to play this?
ANNOUNCER: We've seen some furious battles so far,
but no team has managed to take the flag yet.
But as you well, know it's only a matter of time.
The question is: Who will it be?
TRISTAR: [panting, running reax]
BEN: Is he by himself all of a sudden?
ROBIN: What happened to the other two guys?
TRISTAR: Hey team. Are you serious?
All three at once?
JACK: You're finished, now! [cackle]
TRISTAR: Wow! This kid is so annoying!
TRISTAR: Marucho? A little help?
MARUCHO: Ability activate.
MARUCHO: Brow Stealth!
BEN: Huh? ROBIN: [grunt] JACK: [gasp]
TRISTAR: Hah! Now that's how you do it, son!
MARUCHO: Yup. Now let's hurry!
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaah!
CHRIS: Oooooh, I'm scared.
[explosion]
TAYLEAN: Huh?
SOON: Attack!
TAYLEAN: Aaaaarrrrrrggggghhhh!
TAYLEAN: Ooooomph!
SHUN: Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Argh! That one really hurt, Shun.
CHRIS: I bet you goofs didn't think a couple of girls
could take you down, but that's where you're wrong suckers!
Dead wrong! Got it?
SOON: It's our grace that gives us the edge.
SHUN: Huh? Is that right?
We'll see then. Now Taylean!
CHRIS: [gasp]
SHUN: Where's your grace now?
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Shooting Wind Dust Slash!
TAYLEAN: Hah!
CHRIS: Dude! That's just harsh! Come on!
SHUN: Keep going, Taylean!
SOON: [frustrated grunt] Ready!
TRISTAR: Check it out. There's the flag!
MARUCHO: Hmmmmph!
SELLON: Hah.
SELLON: Bakugan Brawl.
SELLON: Bakugan Stand!
SELLON: Rise Ventus Spyron!
TRISTAR: Wha? What's going on?
Huh? Where did she come from?
SELLON: You should be more concerned with,
where you're going to.
BakuNano Daftorix Destroy!
MARUCHO: Ability activate.
MARUCHO: Brow Bunker!
SELLON: How sad for you to think a pathetic defense like that
is any match for Daftorix.
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
TRISTAR: Haaah! SELLON: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Hold Over!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaah!
MARUCHO: Now, you're not only frozen, but also blocked
from using your abilities until the battle is over.
TRISTAR: Aaaarrrrggghhh!
SELLON: It doesn't matter my friend.
Daftorix still has you in his grip so it's too late.
TRISTAR: Now guys! Hit it!
WOLFURIO: [rising mighty roar] BOULDERON: [rising mighty roar]
SELLON: Gentlemen. Meet my Mechtogan!
SELLON: Braxion!
[lightning crackles]
[mighty roar]
WOLFURIO: [grunt, exertion reax]
WOLFURIO: Boulderon, go now!
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaaaah!
WOLFURIO: You'll never take down a Castle Knight!
Haaaaaaah!
BOULDERON: Almost there.
WOLFURIO: Open wide.
WOLFURIO: Aaaaarrrrrggggghhh!
BOULDERON: I got it! We win!
ANNOUNCER: Game over.
The Battle Brawlers take it!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [insane cheering]
TAYLEAN: [groan] SHUN: [grunt, pain reax]
MARUCHO: Hah! It worked pal.
TRISTAR: Never doubted your strategy for a second buddy.
TRISTAR: What a brilliant idea to have us distract
the main opponents while our two teammates snuck
around back and swooped in for the flag scoop!
TRISTAR: What's even more amazing is that
we were able to do it without any help from Shun.
MARUCHO: Who says he didn't help?
TRISTAR: Huh?
MARUCHO: I always knew he was going to draw
a large number of opponents to him,
which is what inspired the idea in the first place.
TRISTAR: Whoa! Looks like you tricked your teammates too
with that one.
MARUCHO: I wouldn't exactly say that.
I only tricked you guys by not telling you.
MARUCHO: Huh?
PAIGE: What are you doing?
RAFE: Please forgive us, Marucho.
We were quick to judge you and the Brawlers.
We should have never doubted your abilities
and your vast battling knowledge.
RAFE: I promise that if you give us a second chance
to be your students we'd be grateful.
MARUCHO: Uh, well. Well I guess I can...
PAIGE: Come on Rafe. We don't need to beg him!
RAFE: Be quiet!
PAIGE: Huh? Okay, whatever he says.
MARUCHO: [laugh]
TAYLEAN: You okay?
SHUN: I was just thinking about Marucho.
His strategy actually worked.
SHUN: Maybe I've been wrong all along.
MARUCHO: [gasp] I thought I heard Shun.
DRAGO: Dan, look. Up ahead!
DRAGO: What is that?
DAN: I'm not sure.
MAG MEL: Go and fight.
Free your Masters Mag Mel and Razenoid!
DAN: Did you see them?
DRAGO: Yes I did.
DAN: Huh? [gasp]
DRAGO: It was the creature and the Bakugan from our visions.
DRAGO: Wyvern, do you know who this Mag Mel and Razenoid are?
WYVERN: No but there's something strangely familiar about them.
They give me an odd feeling.
DAN: I just realized something else, Drago.
DRAGO: What's that?
DAN: That light was Code Eve.
MAG MEL: So Kuso has remembered the key
that will unlock everything. Code Eve!
MAG MEL: Soon he will know the truth about how
we are forever linked. [evil chuckle]
DAN: When Wyvern showed us the way into our inner minds
we learned that the evil looking dude and his Bakugan
were named Mag Mel and Razenoid.
But we still don't know where they come from
or why they're invading our thoughts.
And what's their connection to Code Eve,
the mother energy of all Bakugan?
Marucho is back in Interspace trying to get things
under control. It's a lot for one person,
so I sure hope he and Shun can squash their issues
and come together again.
There's a crazy amount of stuff going on inside
and outside of my head.
You gotta tune in to see what I'm talking about.
I'm telling you, something huge is about to go down!
\u266a [MUSIC]